# Hi there!
If you're checking out this schedule and are (even the *tiniest* bit) interested in giving a brief talk or leading a workshop around one of these topics, contact Sarah Joy ([twitter](http://twitter.com/superissarah) or [email](mailto:sarahjoy@alchemycodelab.com)) or Haley ([twitter](https://twitter.com/haley_elder)) ASAP! 

## Our goal for 2018
Offer the time, place, and space for JavaScript developers to level up their understanding of the internet's favorite language.

## Monthly Topics
Our plan is to spend the first half of the year focusing on core JavaScript concepts. The second half, we'll focus on using JavaScript related tools like build tools and frameworks. However, these topics aren't set in stone and if you'd like to present on something kinda sorta related, just ask!

| Month | Topic | Looking for presenters |
| --- | --- | --- |
| January | Sharing, finding, and building resources |
| February | JavaScript and your browser: browser API's | 👀
| March | Scope, and Closures, and Hoisting, oh my | 👀
| April | Promises, promises, promises | 👀
| May | ES6 and probably also ES8 | 👀
| June | (kind of) Functional Programming w JS | 👀
| July | Using build tools to up your CSS game | 
| August | Typescript | 👀
| September | Intro to App Architecture Patterns and JS Frameworks | 👀
| October | React  | 👀
| November | Vue | 👀

## What we're looking for presentation-wise

- Someone to enlighten us about all the methods of the brower's console object.
- Someone to enthusiastically tell us how they broke (and fixed) their promises.
- Someone to share their analogies for MVC and MVVM and other design patterns.
- Someone to share their growing collection of tips and tricks for converting ES5 to ES6.
- Someone to live draw the call stack as their script unfolds.
- Someone to tell us JavaScript puns for 8 minutes.
- Someone to sing to us what made functional programming click for them.

The above examples are very specific, but also very made up. We're looking for women<sup>1</sup> interested in either teaching or sharing their experience learning about a specific JavaScript topic, or as often times happens, both! Presentations should be short (10 minutes or less), and we will happily work with you to refine your talk.

## The audience
We focus on providing the most value for people who have already established a learning relationship with JavaScript, whether that's two months or two years. Absolute beginners are always, always welcome: we'll give you resources to help you learn JS, as well as the space and opportunity to speak with others who are also learning. Talks and subjects might be out of your comfort zone, but we encourage you to stay and absorb by osmosis (:


---
<sup>1</sup> Allies, we appreciate your support, but want to give women the space and time to talk. If you feel incredibly compelled to give a talk, consider teaming up with a friend!